---
title: Tensions rise as Russia demands assylum-seekers return.
subhed: President Medvedev argues parahumans 'Property of Russian Federation'
author: Aaron Douglas
author-title: Staff Writer
featured-image: 
  path: /PIsite/assets/medvedev.jpg
  cutline: Dmitri Medvedev at a press conference last saturday.
  credit: Photographer
layout: post
category: Global News
---
<p class="article">
Russia issued a strongly worded condemnation of the American government following a series of unproductive talks relating to the return of two native citizens. The parties in question had requested Assylum from the U.S. Government, citing the Preservation Act, as well as what they considered a clear and relevant threat to their life on the basis of their parahuman abilities, as. The courts found their claim valid, and the two were accepted as Asylees. While the Russian Federation requested an immediate extradition of the pair, no treaty exists between the nations. 
<br/><br/>
"We wish to state our absolute condemnment of the United States in their refusal to return citizens of Russia to their rightful homeland," said Russia's official statement. "There is clear evidence that Assylum was granted with the intention to illicitly acquire Russian assets, rather than any true danger to people(s) involved. The warmongering nature of this administration will not go unnoticed"
<br/><br/>
While the situation is still unfolding, President Gillan has made clear he has no intention of extrading the asylees, and will continue to push negotiations with the country until an acceptable outcome can be reached. When asked on the potential consequences of such an action, he had this to say.
<br/><br/>
"We have an obligation to protect those who need it most. This is not simply an act of powermongering, but one of the american dream- the right of every man, woman, and child to exist freely, powers or no."
<br/><br/>
In potentially related news, Philadelphia's Proctorate division has announced a debut of two new capes, scheduled for next thursday.
</p>
