---
title: Mayor Christner Declares Bid for Re-Election
subhed: The encumbant is optimistic on his chances for a fourth term.
author: Eve Whitner
author-title: Senior Writer
featured-image: 
  path: /PIsite/assets/mayor.jpg
  cutline: Mayor Christner and associates at the New Year's Gala.
  credit: In House Photographer.
layout: post
category: Local News
---

<p style="article">During the 2010 Annual Brockton Bay New Year Fundraiser, Mayor Roy Christner declared that he would be running in the following year's election. Christner has ultimately been well-received during his tenure, marked with an across-the-board decrease in criminal activity, the dissolution of the Marche, as well as the construction of multiple endbringer shelters.
<br/><br/>
"When I stand here, surrounded by friends and family, I cannot help but be grateful for the city in which I live." Said Christner. "When next year starts, I will be running once more for the fine position of mayor. I hope that I've convinced everyone in this room that good I can do when in office- and that you'll consider voting for me once again."
<br/><br/>
Despite his claims, the chance of this being a clean victory is low. Multiple candidates have already thrown their hat in the ring, most prominent of which include city counsillor Christine Padillo and Eastar Financials C.E.O Keith Grove. While polls have yet to begin, a clear public sentiment exists degrading Mr. Grove's candidacy- namely. a conflict of interest stemming from his ownership in Brockton-based companies. 
<br/><br/>
"As a businessman," said Grove when asked about the concerns, "I have the context needed to keep our city financially viable. Owning a corporation is what gives me the knowledge to lead."
<br/><br/>
When asked if he would be willing to cut ties with Eastar upon entering  office, Grove declined to comment.
</p>