---
title: President Gillen Signs in New High-Speed Network Bill
subhed: Is Government-Sponsored Tinkertech Viable?
author: Aaron Douglas
author-title: Staff Writer
featured-image: 
  path: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1615377387113-4692ddb9e292?q=80&w=300&auto=format&fit=crop&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D
  cutline: An image of a 4G cell tower, provided by the White House Press Team.
  credit: Vyacheslav Shatskiy
layout: post
category: U.S. News
---

<p class="article">In a presidential address today at 4:30PM Eastern Time, 44th President David Gillan announced the 'Better Communications' Act had successfully passed Senate Vote. Per the law, a new sweep of 4G 'LTE' Cell Towers will be built around the continental United States in partnership with major cell companies. The new towers should outpace the previous 3G infrastructure by more than twenty times- aided by what the President calls 'An unheard of' level of collaboration with Protectorate Tinkers.
<br/><br/>
"What we're seeing here is a demonstration of what we can do as a nation in times of crisis." Said President Gillan. "These new systems will connect us in a way previously unheard of: Disaster response, scientific collaboration, anything you can think of will be done better, faster, and cheaper."
<br/><br/>
President Gillan also addressed some concerns that were raised during House deliberation. Namely, the unreliable nature of tinker-made devices, and the consequences that might arise from their implementation into global infrastructure.
<br/><br/>
"The common impressions of Tinkertech are just that- impressions," he said. "While yes, some forms of the technology can be seen as unreliable, others can hold up to the rigor that we need. I would not had approved this plan, nor would it have passed through the House and Senate, if any concerns surrounding the program held legitimacy."
<br/><br/>
This failed to note the controversy of the bill in Senate deliberations- Gilan's plan received only three votes over a simple majority, with votes nay passing across party lines. One such senator, William Ralston (D - WI), condemned the bill on what he called a 'Naive Goal.'
<br/><br/>
"This is what I'd like to call a 'Pretty Bill.' It looks nice on paper, yes, but doesn't hold up under any scrutiny- loose deadlines, no plan for long-term-maintenance, and revenue split heavily favored towards cell companies."
<br/><br/>
Regardless of criticism, the bill's implementation is now underway. The results will speak for themselves, for better or for worse.</p>