---
title: The Unsustainability of Cape-Based Tourism.
subhed: Who saves our city when the money leaves?
author: Aaron Douglas
author-title: Staff Writer
featured-image: 
  path: https://cdn18.picryl.com/photo/2017/01/01/the-boardwalk-in-seaside-heights-new-jersey-b1e1d0-1024.jpg
  cutline: Brockton's boardwalk last summer.
  credit: Picryl.
layout: post
category: Editorials
---

<p class="article">At this point in time, roughly 17% of Brockton Bay's revenue comes from the tourism industry. That's a 11% increase since 2009, and a 30% increase since the year 2000; Brockton's economy has become wholly reliant on the fact that it's the 'Cape City of America,' and that may be a bad thing.
<br/><br/>
Those who visit the boardwalk may be stopping by for the clothes, booths, and performances, but more often than not it's for the rig- that shining beacon of hope in the middle of our bay. They offer daily tours, 'Meet the Wards' sessions for any tyke and their parents, and a bevy of merchandise. The revenue from these products then goes back into the Protectorate and PRT, and then ends up improving the lives of Brockton residents through more frequent patrols and better armed squads. At least, that's what those organizations would like you to think.
<br/><br/>
Fundamentally, Cape organizations first priority is to continue existing. It's impossible to make the city a better place if you don't have the funding- they need funding, and that means tourists. Tourists come to Brockton for the docks. They don't come for the near-empty commercial districts, or neighborhoods, or the dock graveyard. A patrol there doesn't bring more tourists, and so the Protectorate is less inclined to place one. Dangerous neighborhoods stay dangerous, and safe neighborhoods stay safe; Ultimately, the Protectorate is just upholding the status quo.
<br/><br/>
Another issue lies in Brockton Bay's current state: a house of cards. Multiple gangs, some that arguably outrival the power of our government agencies, keep parts of the city. They skirmish, yes, but they're almost mollified. They don't push enough to knock it all down, to invite the ire of the greater PRT forces. That doesn't just apply to the gangs, though, but also the PRT. These fights avoid the boardwalks- gangs stay away, it's nice and clean, and the tourists show up. If the PRT were to push against these organizations, poke the sleeping dragon, that stalemate would break. What happens if the boardwalk becomes unsafe? They lose money.
<br/><br/>
If, god forbid, something terrible came to our city, we wouldn't bounce back. Our docks are long-closed, our heroes barely keeping the peace, and the only money we get is from people who want to see the ship before it sinks. We need to create new industry- offer jobs that can legitimately rival the promises of the gangs, and bring our city back to a state that we can be proud of. Companies like Medhall are a breath of fresh air, creating jobs and economistic strength that lies outside the realm of those more powerful. Hopefully, their change will stick.</p>