---
title: Medhall Announces New Scholarship Program For Disenfranchised Youth
subhed: The program provides full-rides for many students.
author: John Bayter
author-title: Staff Writer
featured-image: 
  path: /PIsite/assets/MedhallConf.jpg
  cutline: A scene of the press conference earlier today.
  credit: Unknown
layout: post
category: Local News
---

<p class="article"> In a press conference earlier today, Max Anders, CEO of Medhall Pharmaceuticals, announced the company would be launching their response to low education rates among lower-class brocktonites: a college scholarship fund that, provided students maintain at least a 3.0 GPA, completely pays their tuition.
<br/><br/>
"When I look at our city," Said Anders, "I'm disappointed in myself. Those of us with the means to do so have an obligation to make things better. Medhall has dedicated itself to the eradication and prevention of harmful disease, but has overlooked one of the worst: lack of education. With the launch of this initiative, we hope to remedy that."
<br/><br/>
The program is set to fund students from the beginning of next academic year, but applications are already open. Students in their senior year of high school who live in participating zip codes are welcome to apply though Medhall's corporate website with their preliminary transcript, as well as a personal essay detailing why they believe they deserve the scholarship. 
<br/><br/>
"I didn't think I was going to be able to go to college," said one student for whom the scholarship applied. "It sucks, y'know? Seeing people getting ahead just because they have the money, even when they don't deserve it. I could do so much- <i>can</i> do so much with this. I'm starting to look forward to the future."
<br/><br/>
The program has, thus far, been met with overwhelming support; Already Medhall has celebrated ten thousand applications, with more coming every day. The message also suggests an expansion of the program- or the creation of new programs, due to their success. While we may be uncertain as to what the future holds, it's a bright day to be a Brocktonite.
</p>